This package is used to build Rakudo from source and completely
install or upgrade a Rakudo-only distribution into a desired location
controlled by the user.  The package is currently only usable on a
POSIX operating system (e.g., Debian Linux).

The package also contains scripts and instructions for installing or
upgrading desired Perl 6 modules, and it includes a suggested list of
modules in file "modules."

NEW INSTALLATION
================

Requirements
------------

- a C compiler
- a "make" utility
- Perl 5.10 or newer
- a git client
- active internet connection
- CPAN package "libwww-perl"

See details in the file "INSTALL.txt" in the directory where the
downloaded archive is unpacked.

Procedures
----------

1. Decide on the user who will own and control the installation.  For
a site-wide installation for all users, it is recommended the user be
the root user.

WARNING: Do not change the owning user for the life of an
         installation.

2. Edit file "config.rakudo" to set the desired controlling user, the
location of the directory to contain all the Rakudo files and
installed modules, and build options.  The controlling user must own
the installation location.

NOTE: The default user (root), Rakudo location (/usr/local/rakudo.d),
      and build options are already established in the configuration
      file and may be changed as desired.

WARNING: Once the location is set and the new installation is
         completed, the user should not change the configuration file
         again without understanding the consequences.  In all
         likelihood, the old installation will have to be completely
         removed, and a new installation will have to be made from
         scratch.

3. The new installation is accomplished by executing a Perl 5 script, as
the selected user:

  ./99-install-rakudo-new.pl

Note that the script will not take any build or upgrade actions if it
finds the current installation is the latest available.  The current
build information is kept in hidden file ".rakudo-version" but the
system can be forced to build and install either by removing that file
of using the "--force" option to the script.


If the user is root, the installation also adds an appropriate path
setting in a new file, "/etc/profile.d/set-rakudo-paths.sh", to add
the approriate rakudo paths to the PATH environment variable for all
users; otherwise, a suggested PATH setting is written to local file
"set-rakudo-paths.sh" for use as desired.

Note that, after the new installation, the installing user must log
out and log in again to ensure access to rakudo binaries and continue
installing or updating modules.

UPGRADE INSTALLATION
--------------------

To upgrade a Rakudo installation, the original structure is retained
and new versions of files over-write old versions. No consideration is
made for any file that may no longer be used since we assume the
distribution archive is idempotent.

After any installation, a separate script is used to install or
update zef, the recommended module installer, and then read
a list of publicly-available modules to install or update.

INSTALLING OR UPGRADING MODULES
-------------------------------

Edit the file "modules" to add or delete modules as desired.  The run
the script "1-install-upgrade-modules.p6."